I'll prove it to him
The bowl he just returned
He helped me on the road.
Uncle, you are...
What do you call uncle? Grandpa? Grandpa?
Am I taking good care of myself?
It’s because I’m young at heart. They always call me Lao Wan Tong Lao Feng.
I understand everything
Xiaomian's decision is my decision
If you have any questions, you can report them to the board of directors
Not seen
My biggest gain from coming back this time is
You married a good daughter-in-law, Xiaomian
You really have to thank me, thank you, my second uncle
Did your aunt do it for you?
Indeed, I have many things to do
I would like to express my gratitude to my second uncle and aunt
Everyone has been waiting for a long time for dinner. Let’s go for a walk.
Dad, let me help you
You three, get out here
Hey, I've thought about it
Just do as you say
Love will kill you